1. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
If i need to collaberate with other members.
2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Suppose if the same file and same portion of the file is updated in GitHub while you are modifying that. If Git automatically pull the changes, it would breakup your work.
3. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Fork is the process of creating a new copy of the specified GitHub repository into the specified persons GitHub repository group
Clone is the process of creating a local copy of a GitHub repository or a local repository.
Branch is the logical separation of different streams in a repository.

If i need to work on another persons repository independently, then i will fork the repository and work on it.
If i need to get a repository to my local computer, i will use clone
If i need to independently work on a different feature of a project, i will create a branch.
4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
At any point of time, we can compare our modified branch with the local copy of the master. Also it is easy to get latest from the remote to that local copy and we can compare our change with the current version of the local copy and can merge the changes easly.
5. How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Most probably, i will send the source code. GitHub and Git is the easiest way.
6. When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
I can work on a feature and make the changes in a separate branch. This will help me to switch to main branch if there is any necesity of doing something urgent in that branch. Also it is easy to raise pull requests.